okay so hi everybody I'm really go from
AK takes this is not very technical talk
I just want to talk about what we do a
tactics what we use from my PFS and what
our experiences are what works what
doesn't what works somewhat okay IV
attack takes actives we put I professor
in production when when we say that we
actually mean it and I got pictures
prove it
so here we got the first example what's
going on here okay so this is a facility
for public transport maintenance in
Frankfurt Germany you have this thing
called the shop floor board which is a
very analog thing where people
coordinate what they need to work on and
in the middle this is a tablet I got one
here if you want to know how it works
exactly
took me later where they can basically
figure out what they have to work on and
track what they are working on and stuff
like that
next thing come on this is this is a
scaffolding repair factory in in UK they
see a close-up of how these tablets are
being mounted in the factory so it's all
very industrial very ugly but very solid
and as a last thing it's one of my
favorites this is a glass manufacturing
factory so whenever you have a drinking
glass it gets manufactured in one of
these factories these are glowing glass
bottles and what they use the tablet for
is to optimize the setup process because
these are very complex and very analog
machines which they have to set up and
they need to make the dissenter process
deterministic okay so enough pictures
now it's just boring bullets so acting
so s well we build all this on is
something called acting so s it's not
really an operating system but something
which you might think of as an operating
system it's kind of a runtime for
writing applications for factories and
the basic idea is this I'm sure most of
you are familiar with this most
applications in come on in industry
manufacturing industry are on this axis
and this works very well it's very
simple programming model but at least
slash pictures which look like this
you've got one fed node and lots of
tried which talk to the node you
couldn't figure out how to draw outlines
so I left them out but I think you get
the idea and I think so as on the other
axis so we are available in petition
tolerant but not consistent obviously
after a consistency at some point so
what we're doing is eventual consistency
and this enables us to do architectures
like this which looks much nicer and
it's much more resilient because if a
few of them go away the other can still
talk to each other ok so what works what
doesn't in ipfs so this is just my
personal opinion we are building or
distributed content rest storage and for
us it works pretty well it doesn't work
very well currently at the global scale
but for our little private swarm it
works very well for us then pops up
works really well but we had some issues
with natural virtual private swarms
works well it's a very nice very simple
feature but it's experimental and we
hate to build on experimental features
so I would love to this thing to become
non experimental Android support Android
support works surprisingly well we just
take the arm binary and put it on
Android but there are some issues which
don't because it's not an Android build
but it's just normal
our arm be hood and next thing i pns for
us it doesn't work at all we tried and
tried and tried it now we just use dns
link so i won't try it again unless
somebody really convinced me that this
time will work perfect resource usage is
could be better but we see a trend in
the right direction let's put it that
way now I got a wish list ok we are very
grateful for what protocol left us for
us but nevertheless I got a wish list so
wish list basic interactions like this
beauty contest or pops up and IP NS they
just have to work you need to rely on
them just like you rely on cat and some
UNIX tools currently that's not the case
they have got to have high performance
high performance what do you mean by
high performance within factor of 2 of
what's physically possible that's what I
would consider high performance
if you have two nodes and you want to
copy data from A to B it should be half
as fast as the wire allows that's fine I
mean I accept this overhead but it
should not be a factor of ten slower and
physically possible
next thing officially supported recite
profess we're currently writing stuff in
rust because we need the performance it
would be really great if we could
integrate a device on the same process
instead of talking to it why HTTP and
last thing please there seems to be a
tendency to make things makes very very
complex things which are very nice
amazing concepts but that's cool but
please first make the basics work well I
mean okay you can it's always fun to
write these spaced out projects but for
us that worked with useless stuff in
production it's really important that
the basics work like like yeah you know
like the solid UNIX tools that we all
rely on every single day and that's the
end of my talk I did not expend my time
so it's good I guess
thank you
[Applause]